README.md, before:

# DataFlow

<div align="center">
  <img src="./static/images/Face.png">


[![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow?style=social)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow/issues)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow/commits/main/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow/graphs/contributors)

[简体中文](./README.zh-CN.md) | English


**[Features](#Features) • [Quick Start](#Quick_Start) • [Documentation]() • [Contributing](#贡献) • [License](#许可证)**


</div>

## Overview
DataFlow-Eval-Process is a data evaluation and processing system designed to evaluate data quality from multiple dimensions and filter out high-quality data. We mainly support SOTA algorithms within academic papers with strong theoretical support.

We now support text, image, video, and multimodality data types.

## News
- [2025-07-25] 🎉 We release the dataflow-agent.
- [2025-06-30] 🎉 We release the documentation of dataflow.
- [2025-05-30] 🎉 We added two data processing pipelines, i.e. knowledge base cleaning, and agentic rag data construction pipeline.
- [2025-04-30] 🎉 We added four data processing pipelines, i.e. text, code, nl2sql, and reasoning data pipeline.
- [2024-12-26] 🎉 Our first data evaluation and processing system is now open source.
- [2024-10-14] 🎉 We summarize data evaluation papers and codes in [👋 Awesome Data Evaluation](./Awesome_Data_Evaluation.md)
- [2024-10-14] 🎉 Our first data-centric evaluation system is now open source.

## Installation
For environment setup, please using the following commands👇

```
conda create -n dataflow python=3.10
conda activate dataflow
pip install -e .
```

## Features
### 1. Reasoning Pipeline

### 2. NL2SQL

Commit message:

[update] update readme. - overview update - add Reasoning pipeline demo

README.md, after:

# DataFlow

<div align="center">
  <img src="./static/images/Face.png">


[![](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow/blob/main/LICENSE)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow?style=social)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow/issues)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow/commits/main/)
[![](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow)](https://github.com/Open-DataFlow/DataFlow/graphs/contributors)

[简体中文](./README.zh-CN.md) | English


**[Features](#Features) • [Quick Start](#Quick_Start) • [Documentation](https://open-dataflow.github.io/DataFlow-Doc/) • [Contributing](#贡献) • [License](#许可证)**


</div>

## Overview
DataFlow is a data evaluation and processing system designed to 1) evaluate data quality from multiple dimensions; 2) filter out high-quality data and 3) generate chain-of-thought or other types of augmentation. We mainly support SOTA algorithms within academic papers with strong theoretical support.

<!-- We now support text, image, video, and multimodality data types. -->
Specifically, we first build various `operators` based on rules, LLMs, and LLM APIs, which are then assembled into six `pipelines`. These pipelines form the complete `Dataflow` system. Further, We also build an `agent` that can flexibly compose new pipelines with existing `operators` on demand.

Current Pipelines in Dataflow are as follows:
- **Reasoning Pipeline**: Enhances existing question–answer pairs with (1) extended chain-of-thought, (2) category classification, and (3) difficulty estimation.
- **Text2SQL Pipeline**: Translates natural language questions into SQL queries, supplemented with explanations, chain-of-thought reasoning, and contextual schema information.


## News
- [2025-07-25] 🎉 We release the dataflow-agent.
- [2025-06-30] 🎉 We release the documentation of dataflow.
- [2025-05-30] 🎉 We added two data processing pipelines, i.e. knowledge base cleaning, and agentic rag data construction pipeline.
- [2025-04-30] 🎉 We added four data processing pipelines, i.e. text, code, nl2sql, and reasoning data pipeline.
- [2024-12-26] 🎉 Our first data evaluation and processing system is now open source.
- [2024-10-14] 🎉 We summarize data evaluation papers and codes in [👋 Awesome Data Evaluation](./Awesome_Data_Evaluation.md)
- [2024-10-14] 🎉 Our first data-centric evaluation system is now open source.

## Installation
For environment setup, please using the following commands👇

```shell
conda create -n dataflow python=3.10
conda activate dataflow
pip install -e .
```

## Features
### 1. Reasoning Pipeline
![](./static/images/demo_reasoning.png)

For demo inputs and outputs, you can refence our [Reasoning Pipeline sample](https://huggingface.co/datasets/Open-Dataflow/dataflow-demo-Reasonning/) on Huggingface.

### 2. Text2SQL
